\documentclass{article}

\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}

\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage{hyperref}

\usepackage{graphicx}

\usepackage[colorinlistoftodos]{todonotes}

\usepackage{parskip}
\setlength{\parskip}{10pt} 

\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{arrows, decorations.markings}

\usepackage{chngcntr}
\counterwithout{figure}{section}

\begin{document}

\begin{titlepage}
  

\centering
  
  
{\scshape\LARGE Master thesis project proposal\\}
  
\vspace{0.5cm}
  
{\huge\bfseries Formally Verified Parser Generator\\}
  
\vspace{2cm}
  
{\Large Elias Forsberg (eliasfo@student.chalmers.se)\\}
  
\vspace{1.0cm}
  
{\large Suggested Supervisor at CSE: Andreas Abel\\}
  
\vspace{1.5cm}
  
{\large Relevant completed courses:\par}
  
{\itshape %List (course code, name of course)
	\begin{tabular}{cl}
		DAT151 & Programming language technology \\
		DAT350 & Types for programs and proofs \\
	\end{tabular} \\
}
\vfill

\vfill
  
{\large \today\\} 

\end{titlepage}

\section{Introduction}

Briefly describe and motivate the project, and convince the reader of the
importance of the proposed thesis work.  A good introduction will answer these
questions: Why is addressing these challenges significant for gaining new
knowledge in the studied domain? How and where can this new knowledge be
applied?

\cite{Earley}

\section{Problem} 

This section is optional. It may be used if there is a need to describe the
problem that you want to solve in more technical detail and if this problem
description is too extensive to fit in the introduction.

\section{Context}

Use one or two relevant and high quality references for providing evidence from
the literature that the proposed study indeed includes scientific and
engineering challenges, or is related to existing ones. Convince the reader
that the problem addressed in this thesis has not been solved prior to this
project.

\cite{Firsov, Jourdan}

\section{Goals and Challenges}

Describe your contribution with respect to concepts, theory and technical
goals. Ensure that the scientific and engineering challenges stand out so that
the reader can easily recognize that you are planning to solve an advanced
problem. 

\section{Approach}

Various scientific approaches are appropriate for different challenges and
project goals. Outline and justify the ones that you have selected. For
example, when your project considers systematic data collection, you need to
explain how you will analyze the data, in order to address your challenges and
project goals.

One scientific approach is to use formal models and rigorous mathematical
argumentation to address aspects like correctness and efficiency. If this is
relevant, describe the related algorithmic subjects, and how you plan to
address the studied problem. For example, if your plan is to study the problem
from a computability aspect, address the relevant issues, such as algorithm and
data structure design, complexity analysis, etc.  If you plan to develop and
evaluate a prototype, briefly describe your plans to design, implement, and
evaluate your prototype by reviewing at most two relevant issues, such as key
functionalities and their evaluation criteria.

The design and implementation should specify prototype properties, such as
functionalities and performance goals, e.g., scalability, memory, energy.
Motivate key design selection, with respect to state of the art and existing
platforms, libraries, etc.  

When discussing evaluation criteria, describe the testing environment, e.g.,
test-bed experiments, simulation, and user studies, which you plan to use when
assessing your prototype. Specify key tools, and preliminary test-case
scenarios. Explain how and why you plan to use the evaluation criteria in order
to demonstrate the functionalities and design goals. Explain how you plan to
compare your prototype to the state of the art using the proposed test-case
evaluation scenarios and benchmarks. 

%\section{References}

%Reference all sources that are cited in your proposal using, e.g. the APA,
%Harvard2, or IEEE3 style.

\bibliographystyle{plain}

\bibliography{lit}

\end{document}
